Amazon.SAA-C02.v2021-12-13.q133
Exam Code: SAA-C02
Amazon AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate (SAA-
Exam Name:
C02) Exam
Certification
Amazon
Provider:
Free Question
133
Number:
Version: v2021-12-13
# of views: 102
# of Questions
1331
views:
https://www.freecram.com/torrent/Amazon.SAA-C02.v2021-12-13.q133.html
NEW QUESTION: 1
A company has designed an application where users provide small sets of textual data by
calling a public API The application runs on AWS and includes a public Amazon API
Gateway API that forwards requests to an AWS Lambda function for processing The
Lambda function then writes the data to an Amazon Aurora Serverless database for
consumption The company is concerned that it could lose some user data it a Lambda
function fails to process the request property or reaches a concurrency limit.
What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this concern?
A. Increase the memory for the Lambda function Configure Aurora to use the Multi-AZ
feature
B. Split the existing Lambda function into two Lambda functions Configure one function to
receive API Gateway requests and put relevant items into Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) Configure the other function to read items from Amazon SQS and save the
data into Aurora
C. Split the existing Lambda function into two Lambda functions Configure one function to
receive API Gateway requests and put relevant items into Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) Configure the other function to read items from Amazon SNS and
save the data into Aurora
D. Configure the Lambda function to receive API Gateway requests and write relevant
items to Amazon ElastiCache Configure ElastiCache to save the data into Aurora
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 2A computer is reviewing a recent migration of a three-tier application to a VPC. The
security team discover that the principle of lest privilege is not being applied to Amazon
EC2 security group ingress and egress rules between the application tiers.
What should a solution architect do to connect issue?
A. Create security group rules using the instance ID as the source destination.
B. Create security group rules using the security ID as the source or destination.
C. Create security group rules using the VPC CDR blocks as the source or destination
D. Create security group rules using the subnet CDR blocks as the source or destination
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/security-group-rules.html
NEW QUESTION: 3
A gaming company hosts a browser-based application on AWS The users of the
application consume a large number of videos and images that are stored in Amazon S3.
This content is the same for all users The application has increased in popularity, and
millions of users worldwide are accessing these media files. The company wants to
provide the files to the users while reducing the load on the origin Which solution meets
these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront web distribution in front of the S3 bucket
B. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached instance in front of the web servers
C. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis instance in front of the web servers
D. Deploy an AWS Global Accelerator accelerator in front of the web servers
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 4
A company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. A file server is the first workload to migrate
Users must be able to access the file share using the Server Message Block (SMB)
protocol.
Which AWS managed service meets these requirements?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EBS
C. Amazon EC2
D. Amazon FSx
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 5
A ride-sharing company stores historical service usage data as structured csv data files in
Amazon S3 A data analyst needs to perform SQL queries on this data A solutions architect
must recommend a solution that optimizes cost-effectiveness for the queries Which
solution meets these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster import the data Perform the queriesB. Create an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster Import the data Perform the queries
C. Create an Amazon EMR cluster Load the data Perform the queries
D. Create an Amazon Athena database Associate the data in Amazon S3 Perform the
queries
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 6
A solutions architect is designing a multi-Region disaster recovery solution (or an
application that will provide public API access The application will use Amazon EC2
instances with a userdata script to load application code and an Amazon RDS for MySQL
database The Recovery Time Objective (RTO) is 3 hours and the Recovery Point
Objective (RPO) is 24 hours Which architecture would meet these requirements at the
LOWEST cost/?
A. Use Amazon Route 53 for Region failover Deploy new EC2 instances with the userdata
script for APIs, and create a snapshot of the RDS instance daily for a backup Replicate the
snapshot to a backup Region
B. Use Amazon API Gateway tor the public APIs and Region failover Deploy new EC2
instances with the userdata script Create a MySQL read replica of the RDS instance in a
backup Region
C. Use an Application Load Balancer for Region failover Deploy new EC2 instances with
the userdata script Deploy separate RDS instances in each Region
D. Use Amazon Route 53 for Region failover Deploy new EC2 instances with the userdata
script Create a read replica of the RDS instance in a backup Region
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 7
A company recently implemented hybrid cloud connectivity using AWS Direct Connect and
is migrating data to Amazon S3. The company is looking for a fully managed solution that
will automate and accelerate the replication of data between the on-premises storage
systems and AWS storage services.
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to keep the data private?
A. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway for the on-premises environment.
Configure it to store data locally, and asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots to
AWS.
B. Deploy an AWS DataSync agent for the on-premises environment. Schedule a batch
job to replicate point-in-time snapshots to AWS.
C. Deploy an AWS DataSync agent for the on-premises environment Configure a sync job
to replicate the data and connect it with an AWS service endpoint
D. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway for the on-premises environment
Configure it to store data locally, and asynchronously back up point-m-time snapshots to
AWS.Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 8
A company has applications hosted on Amazon EC2 instances with IPv6 addresses. The
applications must initiate communications with other external applications using the
internet However the company's security policy states that any external service cannot
initiate a connection to the EC2 instances What should a solutions architect recommend to
resolve this issue?
A. Create a virtual private gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table
B. Create a NAT gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table
C. Create an egress-only internet gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's
route table
D. Create an internet gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 9
A company is running a database on Amazon Aurora The database is idle every evening
An application that performs extensive reads on the database experiences performance
issues during morning hours when user traffic spikes. During these peak penods. the
application receives timeout errors when reading from the database The company does
not have a dedicated operations team and needs an automated solution to address the
performance issues Which actions should a solutions architect take to automatically adjust
to the increased read load on the database? (Select TWO )
A. Increase the instance size of the Aurora database
B. Migrate the database to Aurora Serverless
C. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling with Aurora Replicas.
D. Migrate the database to an Aurora multi-master cluster
E. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ deployment
Answer: B,C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 10
A company's packaged application dynamically creates and returns single-use text files in
response to user requests. The company is using Amazon CloudFront for distribution^ but
wants to further reduce data transfer costs The company cannot modify the application's
source code What should a solutions architect do to reduce costs?
A. Enable caching on the CloudFront distribution to store generated files at the edge.
B. Use Lambda@Edge to compress the files as they are sent to users.
C. Use Amazon S3 multipart uploads to move the files to Amazon S3 before returning
them to users
D. Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to reduce the response times
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)NEW QUESTION: 11
A developer is creating an AWS Lambda function to perform dynamic updates to a
database when an item is added to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS)
queue A solutions architect must recommend a solution that tracks any usage of database
credentials in AWS CloudTrail. The solution also must provide auditing capabilities.
Which solution will meet these requirements?
A. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key store to store the credentials
B. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table to store the credentials Encrypt the table
C. Store the encrypted credentials in a Lambda environment variable
D. Store the credentials as a secure string in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 12
A company hosts its multi-tier, public web application in the AWS Cloud. The web
application runs on Amazon EC2 instances and its database runs on Amazon RDS The
company is anticipating a large increase in sales during an upcoming holiday weekend A
solutions architect needs to build a solution to analyze the performance of the web
application with a granularity of no more than 2 minutes.
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
A. Enable detailed monitoring on all EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to
perform further analysis.
B. Send Amazon CloudWatch logs to Amazon Redshift Use Amazon QuickSight to
perform further analysis
C. Send EC2 logs to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Redshift to fetch logs from the S3 bucket to
process raw data for further analysis with Amazon QuickSight
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to fetch EC2 logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to perform further analysis
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 13
A solutions architect needs to design a nighty available application consisting of web.
application and database tiers HTTPS content delivery should be as close to the edge as
possible with the least delivery time Which solution meets these requirements and is
MOST secure?
A. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon
EC2 instances in public subnets Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content
using the public ALB as the origin
B. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2
instances in public subnets Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using
the EC2 instances as the originC. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2
instances in private subnets Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using
the EC2 instances as the origin
D. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon
EC2 instances in private subnets Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content
using the public ALB as the origin
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 14
A company uses on-premises servers to host Its application. The company is running out
of storage capacity. The applications use both block storage and NFS storage. The
company needs a high-performing solution that supports local caching without re-
architecting its existing applications Which combination of actions should a solutions
architect take to meet these requirements'? (Select TWO.)
A. Deploy Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volumes and mount them to on-
premises servers
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway to replace the block storage
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway Me gateway to replace NFS storage
D. Mount Amazon S3 as a file system to the on-premises servers
E. Deploy AWS Snowball Edge to provision NFS mounts to on-premises servers
Answer: B,C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 15
A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains confidential information in its
production AWS account The company has turned on AWS CloudTrail for the account.
The account sends a copy of its logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. The company has
configured the S3 bucket to log read and write data events.
A company auditor discovers that some objects in the S3 bucket have been deleted A
solutions architect must provide the auditor with information about who deleted the objects
What should the solutions architect do to provide this information?
A. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to perform security checks for S3 write API calls that deleted
the content
B. Create a CloudWatch Logs fitter to extract the S3 write API calls against the S3 bucket
C. Query the CloudTrail togs with Amazon Athena to identify the S3 write API calls against
the S3 bucket
D. Use AWS Config to track configuration changes on the S3 bucket Use these details to
track the S3 write API calls that deleted the content
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 16A company has deployed a multiplayer game for mobile devices. The game requires live
location tracking of players based on latitude and longitude. The data store for the game
must support rapid updates and retrieval of locations.
The game uses an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with read replicas to store
the location dat a. During peak usage periods, the database is unable to maintain the
performance that is needed for reading and writing updates. The game's user base is
increasing rapidly.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the performance of the data tier?
A. Deploy Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) in front of the existing DB instance.
Modify the game to use DAX.
B. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster in front of the existing DB instance.
Modify the game to use Redis.
C. Migrate from Amazon RDS to Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES) with Kibana.
D. Take a snapshot of the existing DB instance. Restore the snapshot with Multi-AZ
enabled.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 17
An application development team is designing a microservice that will convert large images
to smaller compressed images When a user uploads an image through the web interface
the microservice should store the image in an Amazon S3 bucket process and compress
the image with an AWS Lambda function, and store the image in its compressed form m a
different S3 bucket A solutions architect needs to design a solution that uses durable
stateless components to process the images automatically Which combination of actions
will meet these requirements^ (Select TWO )
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Configure the S3
bucket to send a notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to the S3
bucket
B. Configure the Lambda function to monitor the S3 bucket for new uploads When an
uploaded image is detected write the file name to a text file in memory and use the text file
to keep track of the images that were processedC. Configure an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) event to monitor the
S3 bucket When an image is uploaded send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) topic with the application owner's email address for further
processing
D. Configure the Lambda function to use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon
SQS) queue as the invocation source When the SQS message is successfully processed,
delete the message in the queue
E. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to monitor an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) queue When items are added to the queue log the file name in a text file
on the EC2 instance and invoke the Lambda function
Answer: A,D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 18
A company is developing a mobile game that streams score updates to a backend
processor and then posts results on a leaderboard A solutions architect needs to design a
solution that can handle large traffic spikes process the mobile game updates in order of
receipt and store the processed updates in a highly available database The company also
wants to minimize the management overhead required to maintain the solution What
should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Use a
fleet of Amazon EC2 instances with Auto Scaling to process the updates in the SQS queue
Store the processed updates in an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance
B. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Process the updates with a fleet
of Amazon EC2 instances set up for Auto Scaling Store the processed updates in Amazon
Redshifi
C. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic
Subscribe an AWS Lambda function to the SNS topic to process the updates Store the
processed updates in a SQL database running on Amazon EC2
D. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Process the updates in Kinesis
Data Streams with AWS Lambda Store the processed updates in Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 19
A company wants to perform an online migration of active datasets from an on-premises
NFS server to an Amazon S3 bucket that is named DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET Data
integrity verification is required during the transfer and at the end of the transfer. The data
also must he encrypted A solutions architect is using an AWS solution to migrate the data.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. S3 Transfer Acceleration
B. AWS Snowhall Edge Storage Optimized
C. AWS DataSyncD. AWS Storage Gateway file gateway
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 20
A company recently announced the deployment of its retail website to a global audience.
The website runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer.
The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones.
The company wants to provide its customers with different versions of content based on
the devices that the customers use to access the website.
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these
requirements7 (Select TWO.)
A. Configure a host header in a Network Load Balancer to forward traffic to different
instances.
B. Configure Amazon CloudFront to cache multiple versions of the content.
C. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer
(NLB). Configure the NLB to set up host-based routing to different EC2 instances.
D. Configure a Lambda@Edge function to send specific objects to users based on the
User-Agent header.
E. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer
(NLB). Configure the NLB to set up path-based routing to different EC2 instances.
Answer: A,C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 21
A company is running an application on Amazon EC2 instances. Traffic to the workload
increases substantially during business hours and decreases afterward. The CPU
utilization of an EC2 instance is a strong indicator of end-user demand on the application.
The company has configured an Auto Scaling group to have a minimum group size of 2
EC2 instances and a maximum group size of 10 EC2 instances.
The company is concerned that the current scaling policy that is associated with the Auto
Scaling group might not be correct. The company must avoid over-provisioning EC2
instances and incurring unnecessary costs.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Configure AWS Auto Scaling to use a scaling plan that enables predictive scaling.
Configure predictive scaling with a scaling mode of forecast and scale, and to enforce the
maximum capacity setting during scaling.
B. Configure a step scaling policy to add 4 EC2 instances at 50% CPU utilization and add
another 4 EC2 instances at 90% CPU utilization. Configure scale-in policies to perform the
reverse and remove EC2 instances based on the two values.
C. Configure AWS Auto Scaling to have a desired capacity of 5 EC2 instances, and
disable any existing scaling policies. Monitor the CPU utilization metric for 1 week. Then
create dynamic scaling policies that are based on the observed values.D. Configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to use a scheduled scaling plan and launch an
additional 8 EC2 instances during business hours.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 22
A company is designing a new web service that will run on Amazon EC2 instances behind
an Elastic Load Balancer. However, many of the web service clients can only reach IP
addresses whitelisted on their firewalls.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the clients' needs?
A. An Application Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address
B. An A record in an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone pointing to an Elastic IP address
C. A Network Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address
D. An EC2 instance with a public IP address running as a proxy in front of the load
balancer
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 23
A company develops web applications. As part of its development process, the company
constantly launches and deletes Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in multiple AWS
Regions.
The company wants to create an allow list on its firewall device. The allow list will contain
the IP addresses of an the load balancers. A solutions architect needs a one-line, highly
available solution that will accomplish that goal and will help reduce the number of IP
addresses that the firewall needs to allow.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to keep track of the IP addressee tor al the ALBs in
different Regions. Keep refreshing this list.
B. Set up a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with Elastic IP addresses Register the private IP
addresses of all the ALBs as targets for the NLB
C. Launch AWS Global Accelerator Create endpoints for each of the Regions that are m
use. Register all the ALBs in the Regions to the corresponding endpoints.
D. Set up an Amazon EC2 Instance Assign an Elastic IP address to the EC2 instance.
Configure the EC2 instance as a proxy to forward traffic to all the ALBs
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 24
A company wants to use high performance computing (HPC) infrastructure on AWS for
financial risk modelling. The company's HPC workloads run on Linux. Each HPC workflow
runs on hundreds of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances, is short-lived, and generates thousandsof output files that are ultimately stored in persistent storage for analytics and long-term
future use.
The company seeks a cloud storage solution that permits the copying of on-premises data
to long-term persistent storage to make data available for processing by all EC2 instances.
The solution should also be a high performance file system that is integrated with
persistent storage to read and write datasets and output files Which combination of AWS
services meets these requirements?
A. Amazon S3 Glacier integrated with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server integrated with Amazon S3
C. Amazon FSx for Lustre integrated with Amazon S3
D. Amazon S3 bucket with a VPC endpoint integrated with an Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) General Purpose SSD(gp2) volume
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 25
A company currently has 250 TB of backup files stored in Amazon S3 in a vendor's
proprietary format. Using a Linux-based software application provided by the vendor, the
company wants to retrieve files from Amazon S3, transform the files to an industry-
standard format, and re-upload them to Amazon S3. The company wants to minimize the
data transfer charges associated with this conversion What should a solutions architect do
to accomplish this?
A. Use AWS Snowball Edge devices to export the data and install the conversion software
onto the devices. Perform the data transformation and re-upload the files to Amazon S3
from the Snowball Edge devices
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in the same Region as Amazon S3 and install the
conversion software onto the instance. Perform the transformation and re-upload the files
to Amazon S3 from the EC2 instance.
C. Install the conversion software as an Amazon S3 batch operation so the data is
transformed without leaving Amazon S3
D. Install the conversion software onto an on-premises virtual machine. Perform the
transformation and re-upload the files to Amazon S3 from the virtual machine.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 26
At part of budget planning. management wants a report of AWS billed dams listed by user.
The data will be used to create department budgets. A solution architect needs to
determine the most efficient way to obtain this report Information Which solution meets
these requirement?
A. Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
B. Access the bill details from me tuning dashboard and download Via bill.
C. Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the reportD. Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service
(Amazon SES).
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 27
A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in public subnet with an
Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instances. The
default network ACL has been modified to block all traffic. A solution architect needs to
make the web server accessible from everywhere on port 443.
Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? (Select TWO)
A. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 from source 0 0 0.04)
B. Update the network ACL to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Update the network ACL to allow inbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.010 and
outbound TCP port 32766-65535 to destination 0.0.0.0/0
D. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 to destination 0 0.0.0/0.
E. Update the network ACL to allow inboundoutbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0
and to destination 0.0.0.0/0.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 28
A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a company that needs to host
hundreds of machine learning models for its users Dunng startup, the models need to load
up to 10 GB of data from Amazon S3 into memory, out they do not need disk access Most
of the models are used sporadically but the users expect all of them to be highly available
and accessible with low latency.
Which solution meets the requirements and is MOST cost-effective1?
A. Deploy models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services behind a
single Application Load Balancer with path-based routing where one path corresponds to
each model
B. Deploy models as AWS Lambda functions behind a single Amazon API Gateway with
path-based routing where one path corresponds to each model
C. Deploy models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services behind an
Application Load Balancer for each model
D. Deploy models as AWS Lambda functions behind an Amazon API Gateway for each
model
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 29
A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDP-
based application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant
servers in the company's on-premises data centers in the United States. Asia, and Europe.The company's compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on
premises The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the
application What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address
the on-premises endpoints In Route 53. create a latency-based record that points to the
three NLBs. and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution Provide access
to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS
B. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to
address the on-premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global
Accelerator and register the ALBs as its endpoints Provide access to the application by
using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS
C. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to
address the on-premises endpoints In Route 53 create a latency-based record that points
to the three ALBs and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution- Provide
access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS
D. A Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to
address the on-premises endpoints Create an accelerator by using AWS Global
Accelerator, and register the NLBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by
using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 30
A company has three AWS accounts Management Development and Production. These
accounts use AWS services only in the us-east-1 Region All accounts have a VPC with
VPC Flow Logs configured to publish data to an Amazon S3 bucket in each separate
account For compliance reasons the company needs an ongoing method to aggregate all
the VPC flow logs across all accounts into one destination S3 bucket in the Management
account.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST
operational overhead?
A. Set up an 1AM user in the Management account Grant permissions to the 1AM user to
access the S3 buckets that contain the VPC flow logs Run the aws s3 sync command in
the AWS CLl to copy the objects to the destination S3 bucket
B. Create an AWS Lambda function in the Management account Grant S3 GET
permissions on the source S3 buckets Grant S3 PUT permissions on the destination S3
bucket Configure the function to invoke when objects are loaded in the source S3 buckets
C. Use an S3 inventory report to specify which objects in the S3 buckets to copy Perform
an S3 batch operation to copy the objects into the destination S3 bucket in the
Management account with a single request.D. Add S3 Same-Region Replication rules in each S3 bucket that stores VPC flow logs to
replicate objects to the destination S3 bucket Configure the destination S3 bucket to allow
objects to be received from the S3 buckets in other accounts
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 31
A company provides an API to its users trial automates inquires for tax computations
based on item prices. The company experiences a larger number of inquiries during the
holiday season only that cause slower response times. A solutions architect needs to
design a solution that is scalable and elastic.
What should the solution architect do lo accompli this?
A. Provide an API hosted on an Amazon EC2 Instance. The EC2 instance performs the
required computations when the API request is made.
B. Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway mat accepts the item names API
Gateway passes item names to AWS Lambda for tax computations
C. Create an Application Load Balancer mat has two Amazon EC2 instances behind it. The
EC2 instances will compute the tax on the received Hem names.
D. Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway that connects with an API hosted on
an Amazon EC2 instance. API Gateway accepts and passes the item names to the EC2
instance for tax
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
computations
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 32
A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company's AWS account
The vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor
owns The vendor does not have 1AM access to the company's AWS account How should
a solutions architect grant this access to the vendor?
A. Create an IAM group in the company's account Add the tool's lAM user from the vendor
account lo the group Attach the appropriate lAM policies to the group for the permissions
that the vendor requiresB. Create an lAM rote in the company's account to delegate access to the vendor's 1AM
role Attach the appropriate 1AM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor
requires
C. Create an lAM user in the company's account with a password that meets the password
complexity requirements Attach the appropriate lAM policies to the user (or the
permissions that the vendor requires
D. Create a new identity provider by choosing "AWS account" as the provider type in the
1AM console Supply the vendor's AWS account ID and user name Attach the appropriate
1AM policies to the new provider for the permissions that the vendor requires
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 33
A company is hosting 60 TB of production-level data in an Amazon S3 bucket A solutions
architect needs to bring that data on premises for quarterly audit requirements This export
of data must be encrypted while in transit The company has low network bandwidth in
place between AWS and its on-premises data center.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Deploy Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). with Iifecycle policies enabled, on
AWS Use it to transfer the data
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway on AWS Enable a 90-day replication
window to transfer the data
C. Deploy an AWS Snowball device in the on-premises data center after completing an
export Job request In the AWS Snowball console
D. Deploy AWS Migration Hub with 90-day replication windows for data transfer
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 34
A company has a corporate network on premises and has three VPCs in the AWS Cloud.
The company has one VPC each for development, test, and, production. The company
wants its system administrators to security gain remote command-line access from the
corporate network to Amazon EC2 instances in the VPCs.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Create a new VPC Establish a VPN connection to the new VPC. Configure peering
connections between the new VPC and the existing VPCs In the new VPC create an EC2
bastion host to serve as a jump box lo EC2 instances in the other VPCs Use Remote
Desktop Protocol (RDP) or SSH over the VPN connection to the bastion host
B. Set up a VPN connection between the corporate network and each of the three VPCs
by using AWS VPN Use Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) or SSH over the VPN connection
to access the EC2 instances remotely.C. Configure the EC2 instances to use an instance profile that trusts AWS Systems
Manager Use Systems Manager Session Manager to gain console access to the EC2
instances
D. Create a new VPC Purchase and install a virtual router from AWS Marketplace
Establish a VPN connection from the corporate network to this router. Establish another
VPN connection from the 'outer to the other three VPCs Use Remote Desktop Protocol
(RDP) or SSH over the VPN connection to access the EC2 instances remotely.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 35
A development team is collaborating with another company to create an integrate product.
The other company needs to access an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS)
queue that is contained in the development team's account. The other company wants to
poll the queue without giving up its own account permissions to do so.
How should a solutions architect provide access to the 303 queue7
A. Create an Instance profile that provides the other company access to the SOS queue
B. Create an IAM policy that provides the other company access to the SOS queue.
C. Create an SOS access policy that provides the other company access to the SOS
queue
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) aeons policy that
provides the other company access to the SOS queue
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 36
An ecommerce company is running a multi-tier application on AWS. The front-end and
backend tiers run on Amazon EC2, and the database runs on Amazon RDS for MYSQL.
The backend tier communities with the RDS instance. There are frequent calls to return
identical database from the database that are causing performance slowdowns.
Which action should be taken to improve the performance of the backend?
A. Implement Amazon ElasticCache to cache the large database.
B. Implement Amazon SNS to store the database calls.
C. Implement Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the calls to the database.
D. Implement an RDS for MySQL read replica to cache database calls.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 37
A company has a web application with sporadic usage patterns There is heavy usage at
the beginning of each month moderate usage at the start of each week and unpredictable
usage during the week The application consists of a web server and a MySQL database
server running inside the data center The company would like to move the application tothe AWS Cloud and needs to select a cost-effective database platform that will not require
database modifications Which solution will meet these requirements''
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon RDS for MySQL
C. MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless
D. MySQL deployed on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 38
A company wants to migrate its accounting system from an on-premises data center to the
AWS Cloud m a single AWS Region. Data security and an immutable audit log are the top
priorities. The company must monitor all AWS activities for compliance auditing. The
company that enabled AWS CloudTrail but wants to make sure it meets meat requirements
Which actions should a solutions architect take lo protect and secure CloudTrail? (Select
TWO.)
A. Enable the CloudTrail Proceeding Library.
B. Enable logging of Insights events in CloudTrail.
C. Create an AWS Config rule to monitor whether CloudTrail is configured to use server-
side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS)
D. Enable CloudTrail log file validation.
E. Enable custom logging from the on-premises resources
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 39
A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and
mandatory rotation periods tor 1AM user passwords What should the solutions architect do
to accomplish this?
A. Set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account
B. Set a password policy for each IAM user in the AWS account
C. Use third-party vendor software to set password requirements
D. Attach an Amazon CloudWatch rule to the Create_newuser event to set the password
with the appropriate requirements
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 40
A company's web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an application
Load Balancer. The company changed its policy., which now requires the application to be
accessed from one specific country only.
Which configuration will meet this requirement?
A. Configure the security group on the Application Load Balancer
B. Configure AWS WAF on the Application Load Balancer in a VPCC. Configure the network ACL for the subnet that contains the EC2 instances
D. Configure the security group for the EC2 Instances
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 41
A company is migrating Us applications to AWS Currently applications that run on
premises generate hundreds of terabytes of data that is stored on a shared file system The
company Is running an analytics application in the cloud that runs hourly to generate
Insights from this data The company needs a solution to handle the ongoing data transfer
between the on-premises shared file system and Amazon S3 The solution also must be
able to handle occasional interruptions m internet connectivity Which solution should the
company use for the data transfer to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
B. AWS Transfer for SFTP
C. AWS Migration Hub
D. AWS DataSync
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 42
A company is running a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling
group. The application uses a database that runs on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB
instance. The application performs slowly as traffic increases, and the database
experiences a heavy read load during periods of high traffic.
Which actions should a solutions architect take to resolve these performance issues?
(Select TWO.)
A. Enable auto scaling for the DB instance.
B. Create a read replica for the DB instance. Configure the application to send read traffic
to the read replica.
C. Create an Amazon ElastiCache cluster. Configure the application to cache query results
in the ElastiCache cluster.
D. Configure the Auto Scaling group subnets to ensure that the EC2 instances are
provisioned in the same Availability Zone as the DB instance.
E. Enable Multi-AZ for the DB instance. Configure the application to send read traffic to the
standby DB instance.
Answer: A,C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 43
A security learn needs to enforce the rotation of all 1AM users' access keys every 90 days
If an access key Is found to be older, the key must be made inactive and removed A
solutions architect must create a solution that will check for and remediate any keys older
than 90 days Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?A. Create an AWS Config rule to check for the key age Define an Amazon EventBridge
(Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to schedule an AWS Lambda function to remove the
key
B. Create an AWS Config rule to check for the key age Configure the AWS Config rule to
run an AWS Batch job to remove the key
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to check for the key
age Configure the rule to run an AWS Batch job to remove the key
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to check for the key
age Define an EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) rule to run an AWS Batch job to remove
the key
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 44
A company wants to host a scalable web application on AWS The application will be
accessed by users from different geographic regions of the world. Application users will be
able to download and upload unique data up to gigabytes in size. The development team
wants a cost-effective solution to minimize upload and download latency and maximize
performance What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this?
A. Use Amazon S3 with Transfer Acceleration to host the application.
B. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon ElastiCache to host the application
C. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon CloudFront to host the application
D. Use Amazon S3 with CacheControl headers to host the application.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 45
A company has a financial application that produces reports. The reports average 50 KB in
size and are stored in Amazon S3. The reports are frequently accessed during the first
week after production and must be stored for several years The reports must be retrievable
within 6 hours Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively1?
A. Use S3 Standard Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Glacier after 7
days.
B. Use S3 Intelligent-Tiering Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to transition the reports to S3
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) and S3 Glacier
C. Use S3 Standard Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Glacier Deep
Archive after 7 days
D. Use S3 Standard Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 7 days
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 46An ecommerce company uses an Amazon Aurora DB cluster to store customer
transactions. The company also maintains a separate Amazon DynamoDB table that
contains item sales information The company wants the DB cluster to invoke a recently
deployed AWS Lambda function to update the DynamoDB table every time a row is
inserted into the database Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to
meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
A. Ensure that the DB cluster has an IAM role that allows the DB cluster to invoke Lambda
functions.
B. Modify the DB cluster to allow outbound communication to the Lambda function.
C. Modify the Lambda function to allow outbound communication to the DB cluster
D. Modify the DB cluster to allow outbound communication to the DynamoDB table
E. Ensure that the Lambda function has an 1AM role that allows Lambda to invoke
functions on the DB cluster
Answer: D,E (LEAVE A REPLY)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 47
A company uses Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in different AWS Regions The ALBs
receive inconsistent traffic that can spike and drop throughout the year The company's
networking team needs to allow the IP addresses of the ALBs in the on-premises firewall to
enable connectivity Which solution is the MOST scalable with minimal configuration
changes?
A. Migrate all ALBs in different Regions to the Network Load Balancers (NLBs) Update the
on-premises firewall's rule to allow the Elastic IP addresses of all the NLBs
B. Write an AWS Lambda script to get the IP addresses of the ALBs in different Regions.
Update the on-premises firewall's rule to allow the IP addresses of the ALBs
C. Launch a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in one Region Register the private IP
addresses of the ALBs in different Regions with the NLB. Update the on-premises firewall's
rule to allow the Elastic IP address attached to the NLB.
D. Launch AWS Global Accelerator Register the ALBs in different Regions to the
accelerator Update the on-premises firewall's rule to allow static IP addresses associated
with the accelerator
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)NEW QUESTION: 48
A company has an AWS Lambda function that needs read access to an Amazon S3
bucket that is located in the same AWS account. Which solution will meet these
requirement in the MOST secure manner?
A. Apply an S3 bucket pokey that grants road access to the S3 bucket
B. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function Apply an 1AM policy to the role to grant read
access to the S3 bucket
C. Embed an access key and a secret key In the Lambda function's coda to grant the
required 1AM permissions for read access to the S3 bucket
D. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read
access to all S3 buckets In the account
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 49
A company is developing a serverless web application that gives users the ability to
interact with real-time analytics from online games. The data from the games must be
streamed in real time. The company needs a durable, low-latency database option for user
dat a. The company does not know how many users will use the application Any design
considerations must provide response times of single-digit milliseconds as the application
scales.
Which combination of AWS services will meet these requirements? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon Kinesis
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. AWS Global Accelerator
E. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: C,E (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 50
A company is running a multi-tier web application on premises. The web application is
containerized and runs on a number of Linux hosts connected to a PostgreSQL database
that contains user records The operational overhead of maintaining the infrastructure and
capacity planning is limiting the company's growth A solutions architect must improve the
application's infrastructure.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this?
(Select TWO.)
A. Set up Amazon ElastiCache between the web application and the PostgreSQL
database.
B. Migrate the web application to be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances.C. Migrate the web application to be hosted on AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic
Container Service (Amazon ECS).
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora
E. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the web application content.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 51
A company has enabled AWS CloudTrail logs to deliver log files to an Amazon S3 bucket
for each of its developer accounts. The company has created a central AWS account for
streamlining management and audit reviews An internal auditor needs to access the
CloudTrail logs yet access needs to be restricted for all developer account users The
solution must be secure and optimized How should a solutions architect meet these
requirements'?
A. Configure an AWS Lambda function m each developer account to copy the log files to
the central account Create an 1AM role in the central account for the auditor Attach an
1AM policy providing read-only permissions to the bucket
B. Configure CloudTrail from each developer account to deliver the log files to an S3
bucket in the central account Create an 1AM role in the central account for the auditor
Attach an I AM policy providing read-only permissions to the bucket
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function in the central account to copy the log files from the
S3 bucket m each developer account Create an 1AM user m the central account for the
auditor Attach an 1AM policy providing full permissions to the bucket
D. Configure CloudTrail from each developer account to deliver the log files to an S3
bucket m the central account Create an 1AM user in the central account for the auditor
Attach an 1AM policy providing full permissions to the bucket
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 52
A solutions architect is designing the storage architecture tor a new web application used
for storing and viewing engineering drawings All application components will be deployed
on the AWS infrastructure.
The application design must support caching to minimize the amount of time that users
wait for the engineering drawings to load The application must be able to store petabytes
of data.
Which combination of storage and caching should the solutions architect use?
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon BBS) volumes with Amazon CloudFront
B. Amazon S3 Glacier with Amazon ElastiCache
C. AWS Storage Gateway with Amazon ElastiCache
D. Amazon S3 with Amazon CloudFront
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)NEW QUESTION: 53
A company hosts its product information webpages on AWS The existing solution uses
multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer in an Auto Scaling
group. The website also uses a custom DNS name and communicates with HTTPS only
using a dedicated SSL certificate The company is planning a new product launch and
wants to be sure that users from around the world have the best possible experience on
the new website What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Redesign the application to use AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. Redesign the application to use Amazon CloudFront
C. Redesign the application to use a Network Load Balancer.
D. Redesign the application to use Amazon S3 static website hosting
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 54
A company uses an application to present metrics from sporting events to the public. The
application must scale quickly during live events and must store these metrics for log-term
reporting purposes. The company's architecture includes the following:
* Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group in private subnets
* A network Load Balancer That runs in public subnets
* A MongoDB database cluster that runs across multiple EC2 instances
A solutions architect mutt implement a solution that minimizes operational overhead The
solution alto must be able to Kale automatically. What should the solutions architect set up
to meet these requirements?
A. EC2 instances that run MySQL
B. Amazon Redshift
C. An Amazon ROS for MySQL D6 instance
D. An Amazon DynamoDB database
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 55
A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about
operating system versions patching and installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A
solutions architect must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling groups
successfully send reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and
terminated Which solution achieves these goals MOST efficiently?
A. Run a custom script on the instance operating system to send data to the audit system
Configure the script to be invoked by the EC2 Auto Scaling group when the instance starts
and is terminated
B. Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function and run a script remotely on all EC2 instances
to send data to the audit system.C. Use an EC2 Auto Scaling launch configuration to run a custom script through user data
to send data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated
D. Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit
system when instances are launched and terminated
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 56
A company has data stored in an on-premises data center that is used by several on-
premises applications The company wants to maintain its existing application environment
and be able to use AWS services for data analytics and future visualizations Which storage
service should a solutions architect recommend?
A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
B. AWS Storage Gateway for files
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 57
A business application is hosted on Amazon EC2 and uses Amazon S3 for encrypted
object storage. The chief information security officer has directed that no application traffic
between the two services should traverse the public internet.
Which capability should the solutions architect use to meet the compliance requirements?
A. Virtual private gateway
B. Private subnet
C. AW3 Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
D. VPC endpoint
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 58
A company plans to store sensitive user data on Amazon S3 internal security compliance
requirement mandate encryption of data before secured it to Amazon S3.
What should a solutions architect recommend to safely these requirements?
A. Server-side encryption with a master stored in AWS Management Service (AWS KMS)
B. Client-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys.
C. Service-side encryption with keys stored in AWS Management Service (AWS KMS)
D. Server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 59A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance
After a routine compliance check, the company sets a standard that requires a recovery
pant objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases.
Which solution meets these requirement?
A. Enable a Multi-AZ deployment for the DB Instance
B. Configure the 06 instance in one Availability Zone and create multiple read replicas in a
separate Availability Zone
C. Configure the 06 instance m one Availability Zone, and configure AWS Database
Migration Service (AWS DMS) change data capture (CDC) lacks
D. Enable auto scaling for the OB instance m one Availability Zone.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 60
A company used an AWS Direct Connect connection to copy 1 PB of data from a
colocation facility to an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. The company now
wants to copy the data to another S3 bucket in the us-weet-2 Region.
Which solution will meet this requirement?
A. Use the S3 console to copy the data horn the source S3 bucket to the target S3 bucket.
B. Use S3 Transfer Acceleration and the S3 copy-object command to copy the data from
the source S3 bucket to the target S3 bucket
C. Use an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device to copy the data from the
colocation facility to ua-weet-2
D. Add an S3 Cross-Region Replication configuration to copy the data from the source S3
bucket to the target S3 bucket.
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 61
A company has a highly dynamic batch processing job that uses many Amazon EC2
instances to complete it The job is stateless in nature, can be started and stopped at any
given time with no negative impact, and typically takes upwards of 60 minutes total to
complete The company has asked a solutions architect to design a scalable and cost-
effective solution that meets the requirements of the job.
What should the solutions architect recommend?
A. Purchase EC2 Reserved Instances
B. Implement EC2 Spot Instances
C. Implement EC2 On-Demand Instances
D. Implement the processing on AWS Lambda
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 62
A solution architect is designing an application for a two-step order across. The first step is
synhronous and must return to the user with little latency. The second step takes longer so
it will be implemented in a separate component. Orders must be processed exacity once
and in the order in which they are received.
How should the solutions architect integrate these components?
A. Create an SNS topic subscribe an Amazon SQS Standard queue to that topic.
B. Use an AWS Lambda function along with Amazon SQS standard queues.
C. Use Amazon SQS FIFO queues
D. Create an SNS topic and subscribe an Amazon SQS FIFO queue to that topic.
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 63
A company has two VPCs named Management and Production The Management VPC
uses VPNs through a customer gateway to connect to a single device in the data center.
The Production VPC uses a virtual private gateway with two attached AWS Direct Connect
connections The Management and Production VPCs both use a single VPC peering
connection to allow communication between the applications.
What should a solutions architect do to mitigate any single point of failure in this
architecture?
A. Add a second VPC peering connection between the Management VPC and the
Production VPC.
B. Add a second set of VPNs to the Management VPC from a second customer gateway
device
C. Add a set of VPNs between the Management and Production VPCs
D. Add a second virtual private gateway and attach it to the Management VPC.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 64
A company needs guaranteed Amazon EC2 capacity in three specific Availability Zones in
a specific AWS Region for an upcoming event that will last 1 week.
What should the company do to guarantee the EC2 capacity?A. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region and three
Availability Zones needed
B. Create an On Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region needed
C. Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region and three Availability Zones
needed
D. Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region needed
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 65
A company is designing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in
the AWS Cloud The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data solution
must be fully managed.
Which AWS solution meets these requirements'?
A. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system Attach the file system to the
origin server Connect the application server to the Me system
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket Assign an 1AM role to the application to grant access to
the S3 bucket Mount the S3 bucket to the application server
C. Create an AWS DataSync task that shares the data as a mountable file system Mount
the file system to the application server
D. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance Install and configure a Windows file share
role on the instance Connect the application server to the file share
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 66
A company hosts a training site on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The company
anticipates that its new course which consists of dozens of training videos on the site, will
be extremely popular when it is released in 1 week What should a solutions architect do to
minimize the anticipated server load?
A. Store the videos in an Amazon S3 bucket Create an AWS Storage Gateway file
gateway to access the S3 bucket Create a user data script for the web servers to mount
the file gateway.
B. Store the videos m an Amazon S3 bucket Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution
with an origin access identity (OAl) of that S3 bucket Restrict Amazon S3 access to the
OAl
C. Store the videos m Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Create a user data
script for the web servers to mount the EPS volume
D. Store the videos in Amazon ElastiCache for Redis Update the web servers to serve the
videos using the ElastiCache API
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 67A company's website is used to sell products to the public The site runs on Amazon EC2
instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) There is
also an Amazon CloudFront distribution and AWS WAF Is being used to protect against
SQL injection attacks The ALB is the origin for the CloudFront distribution A recent review
of security logs revealed an external malicious IP that needs to be blocked from accessing
the website What should a solutions architect do to protect the application?
A. Modify the configuration of AWS WAF to add an IP match condition to block the
malicious IP address
B. Modify the security groups for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to
deny the malicious IP address
C. Modify the network ACL on the CloudFront distribution to add a deny rule for the
malicious IP address
D. Modify the network ACL for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to
deny the malicious IP address
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 68
A company is running a multi-tier web application on AWS. The application runs its
database on Amazon Aurora MySQL. The application and database tiers are in the us-
easily Region.
A database administrator who monitors the Aurora DB cluster finds that an intermittent
increase in read traffic is creating high CPU utilization on the read replic a. The result is
increased read latency for the application. The memory and disk utilization of the DB
instance are stable throughout the event of increased latency.
What should a solutions architect do to improve the read scalability?
A. Create a cross-Region read replica
B. Reboot the DB cluster
C. Increase the provisioned read IOPS for the DB instance
D. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling for the read replica
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 69
A company runs its Infrastructure on AWS and has a registered base of 700.000 users for
res document management application The company intends to create a product that
converts large pdf files to jpg Imago files. The .pdf files average 5 MB in size. The
company needs to store the original files and the converted files. A solutions architect must
design a scalable solution to accommodate demand that will grow rapidly over lime.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Save the pdf files to Amazon S3 Configure an S3 PUT event to invoke an AWS Lambda
function to convert the files to jpg format and store them back in Amazon S3B. Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2
instances, Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EPS) storage, and an Auto Scaling
group. Use a program in the EC2 instances to convert the file to jpg format Save the pdf
files and the jpg files in the EBS store.
C. Save the pdf files to Amazon DynamoDB. Use the DynamoDB Streams feature to
invoke an AWS Lambda function to convert the files to jpg format and store them hack in
DynamoDB
D. Upload the pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2
instances. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage and an Auto Scaling group.
Use a program In the EC2 instances to convert the files to jpg format Save the .pdf files
and the .jpg files In the EBS store.
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 70
A company uses an Amazon S3 bucket to store static images for its website. The company
configured permissions to allow access to Amazon S3 objects by privileged users only.
What should a solutions architect do to protect against data loss? (Select TWO.)
A. Enable access togging on the S3 bucket.
B. Use MFA Delete to require multi-factor authentication to delete an object.
C. Enable server-side encryption on the S3 bucket.
D. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket
E. Configure an S3 lifecycle rule to transition objects to Amazon S3 Glacier.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 71
A solutions architect must migrate a Windows Internet Information Services (IIS) web
application to AWS The application currently relies on a file share hosted in the user's on-
premises network-attached storage (NAS) The solutions architect has proposed migrating
the MS web servers to Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones that are
connected to the storage solution, and configuring an Elastic Load Balancer attached to
the instances Which replacement to the on-premises file share is MOST resilient and
durable?
A. Migrate the file share to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
B. Migrate the file share to AWS Storage Gateway
C. Migrate the file share to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D. Migrate the file share to Amazon RDS
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 72
The financial application at a company stores monthly reports in an Amazon S3 bucket.
The vice president of finance has mandated that ail access to these reports be logged andthat any modifications to the tog files be detected Which actions can a solutions architect
take to meet these requirements?
A. Use S3 server access togging on the bucket that houses the reports with the read and
write data events and log file validation options enabled
B. Use S3 server access logging on the bucket that houses the reports with the read and
write management events and log file validation options enabled
C. Use AWS CloudTrail to create a new trail Configure the trail to log read and write data
events on the S3 bucket that houses the reports Log these events to a new bucket and
enable log file validation
D. Use AWS CloudTrail to create a new trail Configure the trail to log read and write
management events on the S3 bucket that houses the reports Log these events to a new
bucket, and enable log file validation.
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/logging-data-events-with-
cloudtrail.html
NEW QUESTION: 73
A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled
up for 1 hour before the desired Amazon EC2 capacity is reached The peak capacity is the
same every night and the batch jobs always start at 1 AM The solutions architect needs to
find a cost-effective solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached
quickly and allow the Auto Scaling group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements^
A. Increase the minimum capacity for the Auto Scaling group
B. Change the scaling policy to add more EC2 instances during each scaling operation.
C. Increase the maximum capacity for the Auto Scaling group
D. Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 74
A company is hosting its website by using Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load
balancer across multiple Availability Zones. The instances run in an EC2 Scaling group.
The website uses Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume to store product
manuals for users to download. The company updates the product content often, so new
instances launched by the Auto Scaling group often have dat a. It can take to 30 minutes
for the new instances to receive all the updates. The updates also require the EBS
volumes to be resized during business hours.
The company wants to ensure that the product manuals are always up to data on all
instances and that the architecture adjusts quickly to increased user demand. A solutions
architect needs to meet these requirements without causing the company lo update Itsapplication code or adjust its website What should the solutions architect do to accomplish
this goal?
A. Store the product manuals in an EBS volume Mount that volume to the EC2 instances
B. Store the product manuals in an Amazon S3 bucket Redirect the downloads to this
bucket
C. Store the product manuals in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume.
Mount that volume to the EC2 instances
D. Store the product manuals in an Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA) bucket. Redirect the downloads to this bucket
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 75
A startup company is using me AWS Cloud to develop a traffic control monitoring system
for a large city The system must be highly available and must provide near-real-time
results for residents and city officials even during peak events Gigabytes of data will come
in daily from loT devices that run at intersections and freeway ramps across the city The
system must process the data sequentially to provide the correct timeline However results
need to show only what has happened in the last 24 hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Deploy an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) FIFO queue and an AWS
Lambda function to process incoming data from the loT devices and store the data in an
Amazon RDS DB instance Build a web dashboard to display the data from the last 24
hours
B. Deploy Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to accept incoming data from the loT devices
and write the data to Amazon S3 Build a web dashboard to display the data from the last
24 hours
C. Deploy an Amazon API Gateway API endpoint and an AWS Lambda function to
process incoming data from the loT devices and store the data in Amazon DynamoDB
Build a web dashboard to display the data from the last 24 hours
D. Deploy an Amazon API Gateway API endpoint and an Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) tope to process incoming data from the loT devices Write the data
to Amazon Redshift Build a web dashboard to display the data from the last 24 hours
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 76
A company runs a website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an ELB Application Load
Balancer Amazon Route 53 Is used for the DNS The company wants to set up a backup
website with a message including a phone number and email address that users can reach
if the primary website is down.
How should the company deploy this solution?A. Use Amazon S3 website hosting for the backup website and a Route 53 failover routing
policy
B. Use Amazon S3 website hosting for the backup website and a Route 53 latency routing
policy
C. Deploy the application in another AWS Region and use server-side redirection on the
primary website
D. Deploy the application in another AWS Region and use ELB health checks for failover
routing.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 77
A company has a service that produces event dat
a. The company wants to use AWS to process the event data as it is received. The data is
written in a specific order that must be maintained throughout processing The company
wants to implement a solution that minimizes operational overhead.
How should a solutions architect accomplish this?
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue to hold
messages. Set up an AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue
independently
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver
notifications containing payloads to process. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) queue as a subscriber.
C. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver
notifications containing payloads to process Configure an AWS Lambda function as a
subscriber.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue to hold
messages Set up an AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 78
An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The
instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load BalancerThe application performs best when the CPU utilization of the EC2 instances is at or near
40%.
What should a solutions architect do to maintain the desired performance across all
instances in the group?
A. Amazon DynamoDB global tables
B. Amazon RDS for MySQL with a cross-Region snapshot copy
C. Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled
D. Use a simple scaling policy to dynam
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 79
A manufacturing company wants to implement predictive maintenance on its machinery
equipment The company will install thousands of loT sensors that will send data to AWS in
real time. A solutions architect is tasked with implementing a solution that will receive
events in an ordered manner for each machinery asset and ensure that data is saved for
further processing at a later time Which solution would be MOST efficient^
A. Use an Amazon SQS FIFO queue for real-time events with one queue for each
equipment asset Trigger an AWS Lambda function for the SQS queue to save data to
Amazon EFS.
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams for real-time events with a partition for each
equipment asset. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to save data to Amazon S3
C. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams for real-time events with a shard for each equipment
asset Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to save data to Amazon EBS
D. Use an Amazon SQS standard queue for real-time events with one queue for each
equipment asset. Trigger an AWS Lambda function from the SQS queue to save data to
Amazon S3
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 80
A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains mission-critical dat
a. The company wants to ensure this data is protected from accidental deletion. The data
should still be accessible, and a user should be able to delete the data internationally.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Select
TWO.)
A. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket.
B. Create a bucket policy on the S3 bucket
C. Enable default encryption on the S3 bucket.
D. Create a lifecycle policy for the objects in the S3 bucket.
E. Enable MFA Delete on the S3 bucket.
Answer: A,E (LEAVE A REPLY)NEW QUESTION: 81
A company has an application that uses Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) to
store dat a. The files are 1 GB in size or larger and are accessed often only for the first few
days after creation The application data is shared across a cluster of Linux servers The
company wants to reduce storage costs for the application.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Move the files to Amazon S3 with S3 Lifecycle policies enabled. Rewrite the application
to support mounting the S3 bucket
B. Configure a lifecycle policy to move the files to the EFS Infrequent Access (IA) storage
class after 7 days.
C. Move the files from Amazon EFS and store them locally on each Amazon EC2 instance
D. Implement Amazon FSx and mount the network drive on each server
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 82
A company uses a payment processing system that requires messages for a particular
payment ID to be received in the same order that they were sent Otherwise, the payments
might be processed incorrectly.
Which actions should a solutions architect take to meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)
A. Write the messages to an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster with the
payment ID as the key
B. Write the messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table with the payment ID as the
partition key
C. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue Set
the message attribute to use the payment ID
D. Write the messages to an Amazon Kinesis data stream with the payment ID as the
partition key.
E. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue.
Set the message group to use the payment ID.
Answer: B,E (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 83
A company is migrating a NoSQL database cluster to Amazon EC2. The database
automatically replicates data to maintain at least three copies of the data I/O throughput of
the servers is the highest priority.
Which instance type should a solutions architect recommend for the migration?
A. Storage optimized instances with instance store
B. Burstable general purpose instances with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon
EBS) volume
C. Compute optimized instances with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
optimization enabledD. Memory optimized instances with Amazon Elastic Block Store {Amazon EBS)
optimization enabled
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 84
A company has thousands of edge devices that collectively generate 1 TB of status averts
each day Each alert s approximately 2 KB in size. A solutions architect needs to implement
a solution to ingest and store the alerts for future analysis The company wants a highly
available solution However the company needs to minimize costs and does not want to
manage additional infrastructure Additionally, the company wants to keep 14 days of data
available for immediate analysis and archive any data older than 14 days What is the
MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements^
A. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts Configure
the Kinesis Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon S3 bucket Set up an
S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition data to Amazon S3 Glacier after 14 days B Launch
Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones and place them behind an Elastic
Load Balancer to ingest the alerts Create a script on the EC2 instances that will store tne
alerts m an Amazon S3 bucket Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition data to
Amazon S3 Glacier after 14 days
B. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts Configure
the Kinesis Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon Elasticsearch Service
(Amazon ES) duster Set up the Amazon ES cluster to take manual snapshots every day
and delete data from the duster that is older than 14 days D . Create an Amazon Simple
Queue Service (Amazon SQS i standard queue to ingest the alerts and set the message
retention period to 14 days Configure consumers to poll the SQS queue check the age of
the message and analyze the message data as needed If the message is 14 days old the
consumer should copy the message to an Amazon S3 bucket and delete the message
from the SQS queue
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 85
A company operates an ecommerce website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer (ALB) in an Auto Scaling group The site is experiencing
performance issues related to a high request rate from illegitimate external systems with
changing IP addresses The security team is worried about potential DDoS attacks against
the website The company must block the illegitimate incoming requests in a way that has a
minimal impact on legitimate users.
What should a solutions architect recommend1?
A. Deploy AWS WAR associate it with the ALB and configure a rate-limiting rule.
B. Deploy rules to the network ACLs associated with the ALB to block the incoming trafficC. Deploy Amazon GuardDuty and enable rate-limiting protection when configunng
GuardDuty.
D. Deploy Amazon Inspector and associate it with the ALB.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 86
Application developers have noticed that a production application is very slow when
business reporting users run large production reports against the Amazon RDS instance
backing the application The CPU and memory utilization metrics for the RDS instance do
not exceed 60% while the reporting queries are running The business reporting users must
be able to generate reports without affecting the application's performance.
Which action will accomplish this?
A. Create a read replica and connect the business reports to it
B. Increase the size of the RDS instance
C. Create a read replica and connect the application to it
D. Enable multiple Availability Zones on the RDS instance
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 87
A company is planning to migrate a business-critical dataset to Amazon S3 The current
solution design uses a single S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region with versioning enabled to
store the dataset. The company's disaster recovery policy states that all data must be in
multiple AWS Regions.
How should a solutions architect design the S3 solution?
A. Create an additional S3 bucket with versioning in another Region and configure cross-
origin resource sharing (CORS)
B. Create an additional S3 bucket in another Region and configure cross-Region
replication.
C. Create an additional S3 bucket in another Region and configure cross-origin resource
sharing (CORS)
D. Create an additional S3 bucket with versioning in another Region and configure cross-
Region replication
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 88
A company receives data from millions of users totalling about 1 TB each day. The
company providers its users with usage report going back 12 months. All usage data must
be stored for at least 5 years to comply with regularly and auditing requirement?
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?A. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard Set a lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3
Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zones-IA) after 1 year. Set a lifecycle rule to delete the
data after 5 years.
B. Store the data in Amazon Standard Set a lifecycle rule to transmission the data to S3
Standard-infrequence Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 1 year Set a lifecycle rule to delete
the data after 5 years.
C. Store the data in Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) Set a
lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3 Glacier after 1 year set the lifecycle rule to delete
the data after 5 years.
D. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard Set a lifecycle Set a lifecycle rule to transmission
the data S3 Glacier Deep after 1 year. Set a lifecycle rule to data the data after 5 years.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 89
A meteorological startup company has a custom web application to sell weather data to its
users online. The company uses Amazon DynamoDB to store is data and wants to bu4d a
new service that sends an alert to the managers of four Internal teams every time a new
weather event is recorded. The company does not want true new service to affect the
performance of the current application What should a solutions architect do to meet these
requirement with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a mingle
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can
subscribe.
B. Add a custom attribute to each record to flag new items. Write a cron job that scans the
table every minute for items that are new and notifies an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SOS) queue to which the teams can subscribe.
C. Have the current application publish a message to four Amazon Simple Notification
Service (Amazon SNS) topics. Have each team subscribe to one topic.
D. Use DynamoDB transactions to write new event data to the table Configure the
transactions to notify internal teams.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 90
An application hosted on AWS is experiencing performance problems, and the application
vendor wants to perform an analysis of the log file to troubleshoot further. The log file is
stored on Amazon S3 and is 10GB in size. The application owner will make the log file
available to the vendor for a limited time.
Whit it the MOST secure way to do this?
A. Create an LAM user for the vendor to provide access to the S3 bucket and tie
application. Enforce multifactor authentication
B. Enable public read on the S3 object and provide the link to the vendorC. Generate a presigned URL and have the vendor download the log Me before it expiree
D. Upload the lie to Amazon WorkDocs and share the public link with the vendor.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 91
A company recently migrated a legacy application from an on-premises data center to
AWS The application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance The EC2 instance is
deployed in a private subnet in a VPC without inbound internet access The application
support team requires SSH access to the operating system to perform periodic
maintenance Which solution provides secure access with the LEAST operational effort?
A. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedlnstanceCore 1AM policy to the EC2 instance role Use
AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to enable SSH connection.
B. Deploy a bastion host in a public subnet Allow SSH access to the bastion host from the
internet Update the EC2 instance security group inbound rules to allow access from the
bastion host
C. Configure AWS Client VPN to access the VPC Update the EC2 instance security group
inbound rules to allow access from Client VPN
D. Configure AWS Site-to-Site VPN to access the VPC Update the EC2 instance security
group inbound rules to allow access from Site-to-Site VPN
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 92
A company receives structured and semi-structured data from various sources once every
day A solutions architect needs to design a solution that leverages big data processing
frameworks The data should be accessible using SQL queries and business intelligence
tools What should the solutions architect recommend to build the MOST high-performing
solution**
A. Use Amazon EC2 to process data and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) to
store data
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to process data and Amazon Elastic File System
(Amazon EFS) to store data
C. Use AWS Glue to process data and Amazon S3 to store dataD. Use Amazon EMR to process data and Amazon Redshift lo store data
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 93
A company has an application that uses an Amazon OynamoDB table lew storage. A
solutions architect discovers that many requests to the table are not returning the latest dat
a. The company's users have not reported any other issues with database performance
Latency is in an acceptable range.
Which design change should the solutions architect recommend?
A. Request eventually consistent reads for the table.
B. Add read replicas to the table.
B Use a global secondary index (GSI).
C. Request strongly consistent reads for the table
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 94
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all objects uploaded to an Amazon S3
bucket are encrypted?
A. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3 x-amz-acl header
set
B. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3:x-amz-aci header
set to private.
C. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an aws
SecureTransport header set to true
D. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an x-amz-server-side-
encryption header set.
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 95
A company has two VPCs that are located in the us-west-2 Region within the same AWS
account. The company needs to allow network traffic between these VPCs. Approximately
500 GB of data transfer will occur between the VPCs each month.
What is the MOST cost-effective solution to connect these VPCs'?'
A. Implement AWS Transit Gateway to connect the VPCs Update the route tables of each
VPC to use the transit gateway for inter-VPC communication
B. Set up a 1 GB AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPCs. Update the route
tables of each VPC to use the Direct Connect connection for inter-VPC communication.
C. Implement an AWS Site-to-Stte VPN tunnel between the VPCs. Update the route tables
of each VPC to use the VPN tunnel for inter-VPC communication
D. Set up a VPC peering connection between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each
VPC to use the VPC peering connection for inter-VPC communication.Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 96
A company wants lo share data that is collected from sell-driving cars with the automobile
community. The data will be made available (rom within an Amazon S3 bucket. The
company wants to minimize its cost of making this data available to other AWS accounts.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?
A. Require that the fries be accessible only with the use of the BitTorrent protocol.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the S3 bucket.
C. Create an S3 VPC endpoint for the bucket.
D. Configure the S3 bucket to be a Requester Pays bucket.
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 97
A healthcare computer stores highly sensitive records. Compliance requires that multiple
copies be stored in different locations. Each record must be stored for 7 years. The
company has a service level agreement (SLA) to provide records to government agencies
immediately for the first 30 days and thin within 4 hours of a request thereafter.
What should a solutions architect recommend?
A. Use Amazon S3 with cross-Region Region replication enabled. After 30 days. Transition
the data to Amazon S3 Glacier using lifecycle policy.
B. Use Amazon S3 with cross-origin resource sharing (CCRS) enabled. After 30 days,
transition on the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive using a lifecycle policy.
C. Use Amazon S3 with cross-origin replication enabled. After 30 days, transition the data
to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive a lifecycle policy.
D. Use Amazon S3 with cross-origin resource sharing (CCRS) enabled. After 30 days.
Transition on the data to Amazon S3 Glacier using a lifecycle policy.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 98
A company designed a stateless two-tier application that uses Amazon EC2 in a single
Availability Zone and an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. New company management
wants to ensure the application is highly available.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
A. Configure Amazon Route S3 rules to handle incoming requests and create a Multi-AZ
Application Load Balancer.
B. Configure the application to take snapshots of the EC2 instances and send them to a
different AWS Regan
C. Configure the application to use Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to feed
requests to the application.D. Configure the application to use Multi-AZ EC2 Auto Scaling and create an Application
Load Balancer.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 99
A news company that has reporters ail over the world is hosting its broadcast system on
AWS The reporters send live broadcasts to the broadcast system The reporters use
software on their phones to send live streams through the Real Time Messaging Protocol
(RTMP).
A solutions architect must design a solution that gives the reporters the ability to send the
highest quality streams. The solution must provide accelerated TCP connections back to
the broadcast system.
What should the solutions a use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Global Accelerator
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Client VPN
D. Amazon EC2 Instances and AWS Elastic IP addresses
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 100
A company is building a mobile app on AWS. The company wants to expand its reach to
millions of users The company needs to build a platform so that authorized users can
watch the company's content on their mobile devices What should a solutions architect
recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Use Amazon CloudFront Provide signed URLs to stream content.
B. Publish content to a public Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Key Management Service
(AWS KMS) keys to stream content.
C. Set up IPsec VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content
D. Set up AWS Client VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream
content.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 101
A solutions architect is optimizing a website for an upcoming musical event Videos of the
performances will be streamed in real time and then will be available on demand The event
is expected to attract a global online audience Which service will improve the performance
of both the real-time and on-demand streaming?
A. AWS Global Accelerator
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
D. Amazon CloudFrontAnswer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 102
A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within the us-
east-1 Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The
applications also must be able to consistently send hundreds of gigabytes of data each day
to a latency-sensitive application that runs in a single on-premises data center.
A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes cost-
effectiveness.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Set up one AWS Direct Connect connection from the data center lo AWS Create a
transit gateway, and attach each VPC to the transit gateway. Establish connectivity
between the Direct Connect connection and the transit gateway.
B. Configure three AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from the data center to AWS.
Establish connectivity by configuring one VPN connection for each VPC.
C. Set up three AWS Direct Connect connections from the data center to a Direct Connect
gateway In us-easl-1. Establish connectivity by configuring each VPC to use one of the
Direct Connect connections.
D. Launch a third-party virtual network appliance in each VPC. Establish an IPsec VPN
tunnel between the data center and each virtual appliance.
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 103
A company has an ecommerce application that stores data in an on-premises SQL
database. The company has decided to migrate this database to AWS. However, as part of
the migration, the company wants to find a way to attain sub-millisecond responses to
common read requests A solutions architect knows that the increase in speed is
paramount and that a small percentage of stale data returned in the database reads is
acceptable.
What should the solutions architect recommend'?
A. Build the database as a larger instance type.
B. Build a database cache using Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES).
C. Build Amazon RDS read replicas.
D. Build a database cache using Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 104
A company is designing a new application that runs in a VPC on Amazon EC2 instances.
The application stores data in Amazon S3 and uses Amazon DynamoDB as its database
For compliance reasons, the company prohibits all traffic between the EC2 instances andother AWS services from passing over the public internet What can a solutions architect do
to meet this requirement?
A. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint to DynamoDB Configure an interface VPC endpoint
to Amazon S3
B. Configure a gateway VPC endpoint to Amazon S3. Configure an interface VPC
endpoint to DynamoDB.
C. Configure gateway VPC endpoints to Amazon S3 and DynamoDB
D. Configure interface VPC endpoints to Amazon S3 and DynamoDB
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 105
A company is creating an architecture for a mobile app that requires minimal latency for its
users. The company's architecture consists of Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Application Load Balancer running in an Auto Seating group The EC2 instances connect to
Amazon RDS Application beta testing showed there was a slowdown when reading the
data However, the metrics indicate that the EC2 instances do not cross any CPU utilization
thresholds How can this issue be addressed?
A. Add read replicas for the RDS instances and direct read traffic to the replica
B. Replace the Application Load Balancer with a Network Load Balancer.
C. Add Multi-AZ support to the RDS instances and direct read traffic to the new EC2
instance
D. Reduce the threshold for CPU utilization in the Auto Scaling group
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 106
A company has a custom application running on an Amazon EC2 instance that
* Reads a large amount of data from Amazon S3
* Performs a multi-stage analysis.
Writes the results to Amazon DynamoDB
The application writes a significant number of large, temporary files during the multi-stage
analysis. The process performance depends on the temporary storage performance. What
would be the fastest storage option for holding the temporary files?
A. Multiple instance store volumes with software RAID 0.
B. Multiple Amazon EFS volumes using the Network File System version 4 1 (NFSv4 1)
protocol
C. Multiple Amazon S3 buckets with Transfer Acceleration for storage
D. Multiple Amazon EBS drives with Provisioned IOPS and EBS optimization
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 107
A company is using a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances to ingest data from on-premises data
sources. The data is in JSON format and Ingestion rates can be as high as 1 MB/s. When
an EC2 instance is rebooted, the data in-flight is lost. The company's data science team
wants to query Ingested data In near-real time.
Which solution provides near-real -time data querying that is scalable with minimal data
loss?
A. Store ingested data m an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume Publish
data to Amazon ElastiCache tor Red Subscribe to the Redis channel to query the data
B. Store ingested data m an EC2 Instance store Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data
Firehose with Amazon S3 as the destination. Use Amazon Athena to query the data.
C. Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Use Kinesis data Analytics to query the
data.
D. Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose with Amazon Redshift as the destination
Use Amazon Redshift to query the data
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 108
A company is hosting an application in its own data center The application uses Amazon
S3 for data storage The application transfers several hundred terabytes of data every
month to and from Amazon S3 The company needs to minimize the cost of this data
transfer Which solution meets this requirement?
A. Create an FTPS server by using AWS Transfer Family. Configure the application to use
the FTPS server to store and retrieve files
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway Deploy the software appliance in the
company's data center Configure the application to use the file gateway to store and
retrieve files
C. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the company's data center and
a VPC in the AWS Region in use. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC.
Route traffic to Amazon S3 over the VPN connection to the S3 endpoint.
D. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection between the AWS Region in use and the
company's data center Route traffic to Amazon S3 over the Direct Connect connection
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)NEW QUESTION: 109
A company's legacy application is currently relying on a single-instance Amazon RDS
MySQL database without encryption. Due to new compliance requirements all existing and
new data in this database must be encrypted.
How should this be accomplished?
A. Create an RDS read replica with encryption at rest enabled Promote the read replica to
master and switch the application over to the new master Delete the old RDS instance
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with server-side encryption enabled Move all the data to
Amazon S3 Delete the RDS instance
C. Enable RDS Multi-AZ mode with encryption at rest enabled. Perform a failover to the
standby instance to delete the original instance
D. Take a snapshot of the RDS instance. Create an encrypted copy of the snapshot.
Restore the RDS instance from the encrypted snapshot.
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 110
An application uses an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance The RDS database is becoming
low on disk space A solutions architect wants to increase the disk space without downtime
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?
A. Increase the RDS database instance size
B. Back up the RDS database increase the storage capacity restore the database and stop
the previous instance
C. Change the RDS database instance storage type to Provisioned lOPS
D. Enable storage autoscaling in RDS
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 111
A solutions architect is designing the architecture for a software demonstration
environment The environment will run on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group
behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) The system will experience significant
increases in traffic during working hours but Is not required to operate on weekends.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to ensure that the system
can scale to meet demand? (Select TWO)
A. Use AWS Auto Scaling to scale the capacity of the VPC internet gateway
B. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance
CPU utilization
C. Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate
D. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and
desired capacity to zero for weekends Revert to the default values at the start of the weekE. Launch the EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions to distribute the load across
Regions
Answer: B,D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 112
A company is launching a new application that will be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. A
solutions architect needs to design a solution that does not allow public IPv4 access that
originates from the internet. However, the solution must allow the EC2 instances to make
outbound IPv4 internet requests.
The initial design proposal shows that the EC2 instances would be located in two private
subnets across two Availability Zones. The entire architecture must be highly available.
How should the solutions architect change the architecture to meet these requirements?
A. Deploy a NAT gateway in public subnets in both Availability Zones. Create and
configure a shared route table for the private subnets.
B. Deploy a NAT gateway in public subnets in both Availability Zones. Create and
configure one route table for each private subnet.
C. Deploy an egress-only internet gateway in public subnets in both Availability Zones.
Create and configure one route table for each private subnet.
D. Deploy an internet gateway in public subnets in both Availability Zones. Create and
configure a shared route table for the private subnets.
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 113
A company wants to use an AWS Region as a disaster recovery location for its on-
premises infrastructure. The company has 10 TB of existing data and the on-premises data
center has a 1Gbps internet connection A solution architect must find a solution so the
company can have its existing data on AWS in 72 hours without transmitting it using an
unencrypted channel.
Which solution should the solutions architect
select
A. Establish a VPN connection between Amazon VPC and the company's data center
B. Send the initial 10 TB of data to AWS using FTP.
C. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection between Amazon VPC and the
company's data canter
D. Send the initial 10 TB of data lo AWS using AWS Snowball.
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 114
An online learning company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company maintains its
student records in a PostgreSQL database. The company needs a solution in which its
data is available and online across multiple AWS Regions at all times.Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance Set
up DB snapshots to be copied to another Region.
B. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance
Create a read replica in another Region
C. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to a PostgreSQL cluster on Amazon EC2 instances
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with
the Multi-AZ feature turned on
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 115
A company observes an increase in Amazon EC2 costs in its most recent bill The billing
team notices unwanted vertical scaling of instance types for a couple of EC2 instances A
solutions architect needs to create a graph comparing the last 2 months of EC2 costs and
perform an in-depth analysis to identify the root cause of the vertical scaling How should
the solutions architect generate the information with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report and send it to an Amazon S3
bucket Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon S3 as a source to generate an interactive
graph based on instance types.
B. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget report and compare EC2 costs based on instance
types
C. Use graphs from the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to compare EC2
costs based on instance types for the last 2 months
D. Use Cost Explorer's granular filtering feature to perform an in-depth analysis of EC2
costs based on instance types
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 116
A company has two applications: a sender application that sends messages with payloads
to be processed and a processing application intended to receive the messages with
payloads The company wants to implement an AWS service to handle messages between
the two applications The sender application can send about 1,000 messages each hour
The messages may take up to 2 days to be processed If the messages fail to process, they
must be retained so that they do not impact the processing of any remaining messages.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient?
A. Set up an Amazon EC2 instance running a Redis database Configure both applications
to use the instance Store process, and delete the messages., respectively
B. Integrate the sender and processor applications with an Amazon Simple Queue Service
(Amazon SQS) queue Configure a dead-letter queue to collect the messages that failed to
processC. Subscribe the processing application to an Amazon Simple Notification Service
(Amazon SNS) topic to receive notifications to process, integrate the sender application to
write to the SNS topic.
D. Use an Amazon Kinesis data stream to receive the messages from the sender
application. Integrate the processing application with the Kinesis Client Library (KCL).
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 117
A company is hosting multiple websites for several lines of business under its registered
parent domain Users accessing these websites will be routed to appropriate backend
Amazon EC2 instances based on the subdomain The websites host static webpages
images, and server-side scripts like PHP and JavaScript.
Some of the websites experience peak access during the first two hours of business with
constant usage throughout the rest of the day A solutions architect needs to design a
solution that will automatically adjust capacity to these traffic patterns while keeping costs
low.
Which combination of AWS services or features will meet these requirements? (Select
TWO )
A. Application Load Balancer
B. AWS Batch
C. Network Load Balancer
D. Amazon S3 website hosting
E. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 118
A company's security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs
The logs will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently What
should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs?
A. Use Amazon S3 as the target Enable an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the logs to S3
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 90 days
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch as the target. Set the CloudWatch log group with an
expiration of 90 days.
C. Use AWS CloudTrail as the target. Configure CloudTrail to save to an Amazon S3
bucket, and enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering
D. Use Amazon Kinesis as the target Configure the Kinesis stream to always retain the
logs for 90 days
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 119A recent analysis of a company's IT expenses highlights the need to reduce backup costs
The company s chief information officer wants to simplify the on-premises backup
infrastructure and reduce costs by eliminating the use ol physical backup tapes The
company must preserve the existing investment in the on-premises backup applications
and workflows What should a solutions architect recommend''
A. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the iSCSi-
virtual tape library (VTL) interface
B. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to conned with the backup applications using the NFS
interface
C. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects with the backup applications using the
iSCSl interface
D. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects wtth the backup applications using the
NFS interface
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 120
A company is using AWS to design a web application that will process insurance quotes
Users will request quotes from the application Quotes must be separated by quote type,
must be responded to within 24 hours, and must not get lost The solution must maximize
operational efficiency and must minimize maintenance. Which solution meets these
requirements?
A. Create multiple Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams based on the quote
type to deliver data streams to an Amazon Elasucsearch Service (Amazon ES) cluster
Configure the application to send messages to the proper delivery stream Configure each
backend group of application servers to search for the messages from Amazon ES and
process them accordingly
B. Create multiple Amazon Kinesis data streams based on the quote type Configure the
web application to send messages to the proper data stream Configure each backend
group of application servers to use the Kinesis Client Library (KCL) to pool messages from
its own data stream
C. Create a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic Subscribe
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues to the SNS topic Configure SNS
message filtering to publish messages to the proper SQS queue based on the quote type
Configure each backend application server to use its own SQS queue
D. Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon
SNS) topic for each quote type Subscribe the Lambda function to its associated SNS topic
Configure the application to publish requests tot quotes to the appropriate SNS topic
Answer: C (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 121A company is using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master keys
(CMKs) to encrypt AWS Lambda environment variables A solutions architect needs to
ensure that the required permissions are in place to decrypt and use the environment
variables.
Which steps must the solutions architect take to implement the correct permissions?
(Select TWO.)
A. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda resource policy
B. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda function policy.
C. Allow the Lambda execution role in the AWS KMS key policy
D. Allow the Lambda resource policy in the AWS KMS key policy.
E. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda execution role
Answer: B,E (LEAVE A REPLY)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)
NEW QUESTION: 122
A company has a website hosted on AWS The website is behind an Application Load
Balancer (ALB) that is configured to handle HTTP and HTTPS separately. The company
wants to forward all requests to the website so that the requests will use HTTPS.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?
A. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer configured to use Server Name
Indication (SNI).
B. Create a listener rule on the ALB to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
C. Create a rule that replaces the HTTP in the URL with HTTPS.
D. Update the ALB's network ACL to accept only HTTPS traffic
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 123
A company has an application that collects data from loT sensors on automobiles. The
data is streamed and stored in Amazon S3 through Amazon Kinesis Date Firehose The
data produces trillions of S3 objects each year. Each morning, the company uses the data
from the previous 30 days to retrain a suite of machine learning (ML) models.Four times each year, the company uses the data from the previous 12 months to perform
analysis and train other ML models The data must be available with minimal delay for up to
1 year. After 1 year, the data must be retained for archival purposes.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Use the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an S3
Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
B. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to
automatically move objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
C. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition
objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year
D. Use the S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to
S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days, and then to S3 Glacier
Deep Archive after 1 year.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 124
A company runs an online marketplace web application on AWS. The application serves
hundreds of thousands of users during peak hours. The company needs a scalable, near-
real-time solution to share the details of millions of financial transactions with several other
internal applications Transactions also need to be processed to remove sensitive data
before being stored in a document database for low-latency retrieval What should a
solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
A. Store the batched transactions data in Amazon S3 as files. Use AWS Lambda to
process every file and remove sensitive data before updating the files in Amazon S3 The
Lambda function then stores the data in Amazon DynamoDB Other applications can
consume transaction files stored in Amazon S3.
B. Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data Streams Use AWS Lambda
integration to remove sensitive data from every transaction and then store the transactions
data in Amazon DynamoDB Other applications can consume the transactions data off the
Kinesis data stream.
C. Store the transactions data into Amazon DynamoDB Set up a rule in DynamoDB to
remove sensitive data from every transaction upon write Use DynamoDB Streams to share
the transactions data with other applications
D. Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to store data in
Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon S3 Use AWS Lambda integration with Kinesis Data
Firehose to remove sensitive data. Other applications can consume the data stored in
Amazon S3
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 125A company wants to migrate its MySQL database from on premises to AWS. The company
recently experienced a database outage that significantly impacted the business To ensure
this does not happen again the company wants a reliable database solution on AWS that
minimizes data loss and stores every transaction on at least two nodes Which solution
meets these requirements?
A. Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance and then create a read replica in a
separate AWS Region that synchronously replicates the data.
B. Create an Amazon RDS DB instance with synchronous replication to three nodes in
three Availability Zones.
C. Create an Amazon EC2 instance with a MySQL engine installed that triggers an AWS
Lambda function to synchronously replicate the data to an Amazon RDS MySQL DB
instance
D. Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance with Multi-AZ functionality enabled to
synchronously replicate the data.
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 126
A company is designing a new web service that will run on Amazon EC2 instances behind
an Elastic Load Balancer. However many of the web service clients can only reach IP
addresses whitelisted on their firewalls.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the clients' needs?
A. An Application Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address.
B. An EC2 instance with a public IP address running as a proxy in front of the load
balancer.
C. An A record in an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone pointing to an Elastic IP address
D. A Network Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 127
A company has an on-premises application that collects data and stores it to an on-
premises NFS server The company recently set up a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect
connection The company is running out of storage capacity on premises. The company
needs to migrate the application data from on premises to the AWS Cloud while
maintaining low-latency access to the data from the on-premises application What should a
solutions architect do to meet these requirements?
A. Create an AWS DataSync agent with the NFS server as the source location and an
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system as the destination for application
data transfer Connect the on-premises application to the EFS file system
B. Attach an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system to the NFS server and
copy the application data to the EFS file system. Then connect the on-premises application
to Amazon EFSC. Configure AWS Storage Gateway as a volume gateway Make the application data
available to the on-premises application from the NFS server and with Amazon Elastic
Block Store {Amazon EBS) snapshots
D. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway for the application data and use the file gateway to store
the data in Amazon S3 Connect the on-premises application servers to the file gateway
using NFS
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 128
A company has a popular gaming platform running on AWS. The application is sensitive to
latency because latency can impact the user experience and Introduce unfair advantages
to some prayers. The application la deployed In a very AWS Region. It runs on Amazon
FC2 Instances Vial are part of Auto Scaling groups configured behind Application Load
Balancers (ALBs) A solutions architect needs to implement a mechanism to monitor the
hearth of the application and redirect traffic to healthy endpoints.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A. Configure an accelerator In AWS Global Accelerator Add a listens for the port that the
application listens on. and attach it to a Regional endpoint m each Region Add the ALB as
the endpoint
B. Create an Amazon CloudFron4t distribution and specify the ALB as the origin server
Configure the cache behaviour to use origin cache headers Use AWS Lambda functions to
optimize the traffic
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify Amazon S3 as the origin server.
Configure tie cache behaviour to use origin cache headers Use AWS Lambda functions to
optimize the traffic
D. Configure an Amazon DynamoDB database to serve as the data store tor the
application Create a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster to act as the m-memory cache
for DynamoDB hosting the
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
application data
NEW QUESTION: 129
A company hosts its static website content from an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1
Region Content is made available through an Amazon CloudFront origin pointing to that
bucket Cross-Region replication is set up to create a second copy of the bucket in the ap-
southeast-1 Region Management wants a solution that provides greater availability for the
website Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to increase
availability'? (Select TWO.
A. Create a record in Amazon Route 53 pointing to the replica bucket
B. Create an additional CloudFront origin pointing to the ap-southeast-1 bucket
C. Add both buckets to the CloudFront originD. Configure failover routing in Amazon Route 53
E. Set up a CloudFront origin group with the us-east-1 bucket as the primary and the ap-
southeast-1 bucket as the secondary
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
NEW QUESTION: 130
A solution architect has created two IAM policies. Policy1 and Policy2 . Both policies are
attached to an IAM group.
A cloud engineer is added as an IAM user to the IAM group. Which action will the cloud
engineer be able to perform?
A. Deleting Amazon EC2 instances
B. Deleting IAM users
C. Deleting logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs
D. Deleting directories
Answer: A (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 131
A solutions architect is designing a solution to access a catalog of images and provide
users with the ability to submit requests to customize images Image customizationparameters wilt be in every request that is sent to an Amazon API Gateway API. The
solution will generate tie customized images on demand. Users will receive a link that they
can use to view or download their customized images. The solution must be highly
available for viewing and customizing images What should the solutions architect do to
meet these requirements MOST cost effectively?
A. Use Amazon EC2 instances to manipulate the original Images Into the requested
customizations. Store the original images in Amazon S3. Store the manipulated Images m
Amazon DynamoDB Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as
the origin
B. Use AWS Lambda to manipulate the original images into the requested customization.
Store the original and manipulated images in Amazon S3. Configure an Amazon
CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin.
C. Use AWS Lambda to manipulate the original images into the requested customizations
Store the original images in Amazon S3 Store the manipulated images in Amazon
DynamoDB. Provision an Application Load Balancer and Amazon EC2 instances to serve
the content.
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances to manipulate the original images into the requested
customizations Store the original and manipulated images in Amazon S3. Configure an
Elastic Load Balancer in front. of the EC2 Instances.
Answer: B (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 132
A company is hosting a web application on AWS using a single Amazon EC2 instance that
stores user-uploaded documents in an Amazon EBS volume. For better scalability and
availability, the company duplicated the architecture and created a second EC2 instance
and EBS volume in another Availability Zone placing both behind an Application Load
Balancer After completing this change, users reported that, each time they refreshed the
website, they could see one subset of their documents or the other, but never all of the
documents at the same time.
What should a solutions architect propose to ensure users see all of their documents at
once?
A. Copy the data so both EBS volumes contain all the documents.
B. Configure the Application Load Balancer to send the request to both servers Return
each document from the correct server.
C. Configure the Application Load Balancer to direct a user to the server with the
documents
D. Copy the data from both EBS volumes to Amazon EFS Modify the application to save
new documents to Amazon EPS
Answer: D (LEAVE A REPLY)
NEW QUESTION: 133A company is running a two-tier ecommerce website using AWS services The current
architecture uses a public-facing Elastic Load Balancer that sends traffic to Amazon EC2
instances in a prrvate subnet. The static content is hosted on EC2 instances and the
dynamic content is retneved from a MySQL database The application is running in the
United States The company recently started selling to users in Europe and Australi a. A
solutions architect needs to design a solution so their international users have an improved
browsing experience Which solution is MOST cost-effective?
A. Deploy the two-tier website in AWS Regions in Europe and Australia.
B. Host the entire website on Amazon S3.
C. Increase the number of public load balancers and EC2 instances
D. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host static images
Answer: (SHOW ANSWER)
Valid SAA-C02 Dumps shared by Fast2test.com for Helping Passing SAA-C02 Exam!
Fast2test.com now offer the newest SAA-C02 exam dumps, the Fast2test.com SAA-
C02 exam questions have been updated and answers have been corrected get the
newest Fast2test.com SAA-C02 dumps with Test Engine here:
https://www.fast2test.com/SAA-C02-premium-file.html (502 Q&As Dumps, 30%OFF
Special Discount: freecram)